Correct SFTP configuration instructions (#8944)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/env/environments-ssh.md

*  You need to use a client that supports SSH key authentication for sFTP and use your SSH public key.
*  Your public SSH key must be added to the target environment. For Starter environments and Pro Integration environments, you can add it through the Project Web Interface. For Pro Staging and Production, you must enter a [Support ticket]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/trouble/trouble.html) with your public key attached. **Never provide your private SSH key.**

> When configuring sFTP, use your SSH access destination (see [SSH to an Environment](#ssh), example `<project-id-name>@<cloud-host>`) and the following information for access:

Reviewer: There is more information in that access command, so it's nice to be clear. Unless of course, I misunderstood your intention. If it is the access command you are referring, then I suggest:

```suggestion
When configuring sFTP, use the information from your [SSH access environment command](#ssh) (`<project-id>-<environment-id>--<app-name>@ssh<cloud-host>`) and the following information:
```

> *  Username: All content before the `@` in your SSH access destination.

Reviewer: I don't see where the Project UI or the Cloud guide has used the word destination to describe the SSH access command.

```suggestion
*  Username: All content before the `@` in your SSH access.
```

Author: Agreed. I used the term _destination_ here because it's the term used by the ssh man pages. My primary concern is fixing the incorrect instruction to use parts of 'your public SSH key' which really doesn't make any technical sense.

*  Password: You do not need a password for sFTP. sFTP access uses the SSH key based authentication.

> *  Host: All content after the `@` in your SSH access destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Host: All content after the `@` in your SSH access.
```

*  Port: 22, which is the default SSH port.

> *  Private Key: If necessary, let the SFTP client know where to find your private key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  SSH Private Key: If necessary, let the sFTP client know where to find your private key. By default, the private keys are stored in the `~/.ssh`directory. 
```

Author: Good idea. Thanks!

> *  SSH Private Key: If necessary, let the sFTP client know where to find your private key. By default, the private keys are stored in the `~/.ssh`directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  SSH Private Key: If necessary, provide the location of your private key to the sFTP client. By default, private keys are stored in the `~/.ssh` directory.
```
